:fire: put tests on saas_demo in a separate module (#59)
it-projects-llc/saas-addons: saas_demo_test/README.rst

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

================
 SaaS Demo Test
================

This addon is not meant to be used.

Roadmap
=======

> * After checking the fetch_and_generate_templates method, we should check whether the template is being created, but for this we need to pre-write the path to the test repository in the addons path, because we cannot reload the odoo in the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Autotesting: We will need to check that template is created. Once it's done, be sure that there is a note in usage insturctions which says that the tests can be run with ......., because ..... 
```

This addon is not meant to be used.

Roadmap
=======

> * TODO: add a test repository to the addons path in advance, since we cannot reload the odoo in tests.

Reviewer: Wrong. ToDO is something you need to do. But we don't need to add a repository to addons path (now)
